fix: Removed EntityHydrator internal class tag (#10971)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-07-03-removed-entity-hydrator-internal-class-tag.md

---
title: Removed EntityHydrator internal class tag
author: Benjamin Wittwer
author_email: Discord.Benjamin@web.de
author_github: gecolay
---
# Core

> * Changed `Shopware\Core\Framework\DataAbstractionLayer\Dbal\EntityHydrator` to remove the `internal` tag of the class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the `internal` tag of the class `Shopware\Core\Framework\DataAbstractionLayer\Dbal\EntityHydrator`
```

see https://github.com/shopware/shopware/blob/trunk/src/Core/Framework/Changelog/ChangelogKeyword.php 😉

Author: I updated the changelog ^^
